small update (#374)
qwrtln/Homm3BG-mission-book: draft-scenarios/clash/dragnarok.tex

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Victory Points}}
The player with the most Victory Points (VP) wins.
\begin{itemize}

>   \item 4 VP for defeating a Dragon Utopia

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item 4 VP for winning Combat in a Dragon Utopia
```
